The first step I had to do before any code was just planning out the program, considering things like what I should track, such as the number of tiles placed and whether a tile is in the center. I also need to track things like the current selected item. Given that history is a feature that isn't required, I decided to cull that from my program to keep things simple, which was largely just a reversion back to a previous state of code of the tictactoe programe. However, I decided to keep the move counter, as this would be necessary to decide if we had to shuffle pieces around. 

I then established the flow of the program, with first a free-pick stage in the first 6 moves (which I essentially just used an if statement to cap the program up to that point). Then, we should automatically enter a picking state, with a new picking state variable. Doing this, I just set some if statements to control variables and outputs, with fairly rudimentary checks that enabled the items to "move", even if wrongly. I continued to refactor the code, such as replacing xIsNext with curPlayer, to make future statements simpler. Surprisingly, the replacement code worked quite smoothly, especially once extra code was culled. Unfortunately, I had to make some design decisions that I personally disliked, such as verifying the pick in the placement code, but I deemed it necessary due to the spec requirements. 

At this point in writing, I was able to get the selection and placement code working roughly properly. It was at this point I decided to start writing test cases, so I could get some failure cases working beforehand, covering center selection and adjacency selection, plus one general game case. 

For adjacency, I decided to hardcode it in the same style that the win condition was also hardcoded. In this instance, I utilized AI to generate the array, as typing could easily result in some edge cases being mistyped, while AI lightened my workload while letting me spend more time verifying it. 

So in summary, the flow taken during construction was one starting from the template from tictactoe. Refactoring some of the data, such as counting moves, using a ternery operator to determine the current player, and some extra variables to determine which cell was picked, would be necessary for the assignment. Afterwards, we largely just modified the handleClick function. We moderately restricted the intiial return statement to behave like the original tictactoe for the first 6 moves. After that, we have a new flow control, where we utilizes switch-like structure to select (and store) a certain tile properly, then flip to the other branch and, using various nested if statements, we either move the tile or reset to its initial state if unable to. The rest of the code was largely untouched. 
